Annotated Bibliography
======================

Different Hacking Techniques.

There have been many hacking techniques used over the years so this article by
NordVPN [#f1]_ is great because it shows which techniques are most relevant. This
article talks about all of the different hacking techniques and puts them into
categories according to how complex they are. It not only states every technique
but it also gives a description on how each technique works. I am going to use
this site to show which hacking techniques are the most relevant now in 2020.

There are many different ways to hack so it is sometimes hard to identify real
life examples where one would use a hacking technique. In this conference
presentation by Samy Kamkar [#f2]_ he talks about different real life examples
where he has used different hacking techniques. The information that I will use
out of this video will be the example of how he overloaded and brought down the
whole mySpace cite. I will also use the information he talks about how hackers
are using different frequencies technology like drones and wireless keyboard give
off to get data and control these machines.

The book *The Hacking of America: Who's Doing It, Why, and How* [#f3]_ is a good
resource that gives a good background on how hacking really is not bad when used
correctly. This book really helps give a basic knowledge on what hacking is. The
information I will use from this book will be where the book talks about the
fears people have about hacking. I will also use the places of the book that talk
about how hacking can be used for good and does not always have to be used for
bad.

The article *How Stealthy Malware Avoids Detection in Corporate Networks.* [#f4]_
will be a very good resource to show how to disguise hacking. This article
basically gives many examples and explains in detail on how hackers disguise
their methods of hacking. The information I will use from this article will be
the multiple examples the author uses on how hackers are stealthy with how they
get access to secure data.

The tutorial write-up *How I made a fake access point to harvest login
credentials?* [#f5]_ will be really helpful information. This tutorial goes
through a step by step instruction on how to create a fake wireless access point
on your computer that other people can connect to. The information I will use
from this tutorial will be the main parts of the tutorial. What I plan on proving
with this tutorial is to show how easy it is to get access to someones data.

.. [#f1] NordVPN. (2021, February 05). "`The most common types of hacking on the
   internet <https://nordvpn.com/blog/hacking/>`_".Retrieved February 10, 2021

.. [#f2] TNW. (2016, Jun 1). "`Samy Kamkar (Hacker) | TNW Conference | Secret
   Hacking Techniques <https://youtu.be/kJyGZDXCbmA>`_" [Video]. YouTube.

.. [#f3] Schell, B. H., &amp; Dodge, J. V. (2002). *The hacking of America: Who's
   doing it, why, and how*. Westport, CT: Quorum Books.

.. [#f4] Preimesberger, C. (2016). *How Stealthy Malware Avoids Detection in
   Corporate Networks.* EWeek, 6.

.. [#f5] Anand, A. (2019, October 01). "`How i made a fake access point to harvest
   login credentials? <https://medium.com/bugbountywriteup/how-i-made-a-fake-access-
   point-to-harvest-login-credentials-6898efb96b3b>`_". Retrieved February 11, 2021